Actions speak louder than words, and yours tell an incredible story.
Any team would be lucky to have you on it.
Being around you is like a happy little vacation.
Being around you makes everything better.
Colors seem brighter when you're around.
Defenseless animals are drawn to you.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes; only people like you get back up again and keep going.
Everything would be better if more people were like you.
Hanging out with you is always fun.
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
How is it that you always look so great, even if you're in ratty pajamas?
I absolutely love that shirt. It really brings out the color of your eyes.
I am so proud of you, and I hope you are too!
I appreciate you.
I bet you do crossword puzzles in ink.
I bet you make babies smile.
I bet you sweat glitter.
I like your style.
I really enjoy talking to you.
If cartoon bluebirds were real, a couple of 'em would be sitting on your shoulders singing right now.
If someone based an Internet meme on you, it would have impeccable grammar.
If you were a box of crayons, you'd be the big industrial name-brand one with a built-in sharpener.
If you were a scented candle they'd have to call it Perfectly Imperfect (and it would smell like summer).
In high school, I bet you were voted "most likely to continue being awesome."
Is that your picture next to "charming" in the dictionary?
Jokes are funnier when you tell them.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're an 11.
Our community is better because you're in it.
Somehow you make time stop and fly all at the same time.
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you've got their back. Nice work.
That color is perfect on you.
That thing you don't like about yourself is what makes you really interesting.
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.
The way you always know when someone needs something is amazing.
The way you treasure your loved ones is incredible.
There's ordinary, and then there's you.
When you make a mistake, you fix it.
When you make up your mind, nothing stands in your way.
When you say, "I meant to do that," I totally believe you.
Who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done.
You always know how to find that silver lining.
You always know just what to say.
You are an incredible human.
You are beautiful on the inside and outside.
You are brave.
You are enough.
You are glowing—and that's the least interesting thing about you, too.
You are making a difference.
You are perfect just the way you are.
You bring out the best in other people.
You could survive a zombie apocalypse.
You deserve a hug right now.
You have a good head on your shoulders.
You have a great sense of humor.
You have cute elbows. For real.
You have impeccable manners.
You have such a great personality.
You have such a great sense of style.
You have the best ideas.
You have the best laugh.
You have the courage of your convictions.
You light up the room.
You look great today.
You may dance like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're mesmerizing.
You seem to really know who you are.
You should be thanked more often. Thank you.
You smell really good.
You were cool way before hipsters were cool.
You're a candle in the darkness.
You're a gift to those around you.
You're a great example to others.
You're a great listener.
You're a smart cookie.
You're all that and a super-size bag of chips.
You're always learning new things and trying to better yourself. That's awesome.
You're an awesome friend.
You're better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles.
You're even better than a unicorn because you're real.
You're great at figuring stuff out.
You're inspiring.
You're irresistible when you blush.
You're like a breath of fresh air.
You're like sunshine on a rainy day.
You're more fun than a ball pit filled with candy.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
You're more helpful than you realize.
You're one of a kind.
You're really something special.
You're so thoughtful.
You're someone's reason to smile.
You're strong.
You're wonderful.
You've got all the right moves.
Your ability to recall random factoids at just the right times is impressive.
Your belly button is kind of adorable.
Your creative potential seems limitless.
Your eyes are breathtaking.
Your hair looks so great today.
Your hair looks stunning.
Your kindness is a balm to all who encounter it.
Your name suits you to a T.
Your perspective is refreshing.
Your smile is contagious.
Your voice is magnificent.
